Clarify that Jira tickets cannot be created for fixed/removed findings (#2154)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/jira.md

## Create tickets

> After setting up your Jira integration, you're now ready to create Jira tickets. Jira tickets can be created from findings in Semgrep Code, Supply Chain, and Secrets. Jira tickets cannot be created for findings in a fixed (or removed) [status](/docs/semgrep-code/triage-remediation#triage-statuses), since those findings no longer require action to address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up your Jira integration, you're now ready to create Jira tickets. Jira tickets can be created from findings in Semgrep Code, Supply Chain, and Secrets. Jira tickets cannot be created for [findings with a status of **Fixed**](/semgrep-code/triage-remediation#triage-statuses) or [removed findings](/semgrep-code/triage-remediation#removed-findings), since those findings no longer require action to address.
```

Feel free to disregard, but I thought it might be helpful to link to both types of findings
